---
title: "Week 3 [2245]"
date: "2025-01-30T12:00:00"
---

This week's meeting will run similarly to last week's, because a lot of people are probably going to go to the New Year's celebration events happening around campus — if you want to show up, we'll be in WAL 4510 again from 4:00-5:00PM. Since we might have a smaller group, we'll try to think of activities that can get us all doing the same thing (i.e. one-minute introductions).

<!--more-->

One idea that could be fun is giving everybody 15 minutes to create a presentation full of random pictures (put in whatever you want, as long as there are no words and it's a reasonable length) and then trading presentations between people and having them improvise and give the presentation (in Mandarin, of course). If we have enough agreement that this is a good idea, we might try that this Friday (and if it's successful, we'll definitely do it again later).

We're (hopefully) close to recognition as a real student organization. The relevant people meet today to decide our fate, and if the news is good, you'll definitely hear about it! After this, we'll have to put together a CampusGroups presence and put together resources for advertising ourselves (better flyers in designated posting areas around campus, presences at club fairs, and whatever else we can do).

Once we have our own club recognition, too, we'll be able to have more freedom in booking rooms to the schedules of people who'd like to show up to meetings. We already have our 4:00-5:00PM room & time set for the near future, but we have a new When2Meet (at [this link](https://www.when2meet.com/?28725888-ovfHz)) that we'll use to decide if we should try to work to change meeting times later on. If you want to show up, please make sure to fill this out soon!

Thanks for checking in — wishing you all a fantastic second day of the year of the wood snake.

再见！
